[Music]
this is our best chance to find a
habitable planet
we breed and raise our own crew
three train them in isolation
to prepare them for life and space two
the voyage will take 86
i'm years of what
there's nothing to be scared of
you were the link between past and
future generations
and have been entrusted with the
survival of our species the normal kids
sensitive and smart i need to protect
them
there's a toxin in the water it's coming
from us
we're eating something toxic
it's the blue it's
to medication pleasure
i'm not drinking it what does it feel
like
to feel something
to prevent exactly this kind of thing
from happening
system restarting
we won't ever see the planet i want to
be honest with him
about everything he can't protect you
protect us from that
i'm scared there's nothing to be scared
[Music]
you